Closes #3352: Update CONTRIBUTING.md file with information about issues and PRs. (#3353)
az-digital/az_quickstart: CONTRIBUTING.md

> ## Submitting a bug/issue/feature request

Author: ```suggestion
## Creating Issues and Pull Requests
```

We use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/az-digital/az_quickstart/issues) to
keep track of issues and bugs.

If you don't see the specific issue or bug in the [az_quickstart issue list](https://github.com/az-digital/az_quickstart/issues) 

> or [arizona_bootstrap issue list](https://github.com/az-digital/arizona-bootstrap/issues), please create a new issue with proper description 
> of bug or details related to new feature request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or [arizona_bootstrap issue list](https://github.com/az-digital/arizona-bootstrap/issues), please create a new issue with as much detail as possible about the bug or feature request.
```

> ## Pull requests

Author: ```suggestion
## Pull request guidelines
```
